# Description
This project is aiming for providing SQL autocomplete functionality. And part of the code is based on mycli, which many people use that make sure part of the core functionality is nearly bug-free. By standing on the shoulders of giants, make improvements and add more functionality. To build a tool most powerful Mariadb's autocomplete functionality. 

# Features
1. flexible keywords and SQL functions setting: providing the interface to adjust the keyword and SQL functions that the program can use and providing config options to adjust them.
2. more fitting MariaDB: 
    1. when using MariaDB would execute fetching KEYWORDS INFORMATION_SCHEMA commands for getting current MariaDB server keywords and SQL function names.

# Competitive product analysis
Listing about this project do what improvement that better than other SQL autocomplete tools(such as mycli etc.)


# SQL grammar rule 
[Mariadb grammar and related infos generated by Bison](https://gist.github.com/a97410985/8c0a04b1e95335c2c3114721ccc6edce): [Mariadb grammar analysis](assets/notes/Mariadb%20grammar%20analysis.md)

# TODO LIST
- [x] SQLFetch
	- [x] Using `MariaDBClient` execute hardcoded queries
	- [x] refactor `kernel.py: num_connected_clients()` to this class
	- [x] unit testing
    
    [patch](https://github.com/a97410985/mariadb_kernel/commit/71bd8539a762924ea11fa2df9bf547ac1add7025) was completed above
- [x] SQLAnalyze
	future would modified mycli complete_engine's suggest_type method, currently just mycli sqlcompleter wrapper.
    
    [patch](https://github.com/a97410985/mariadb_kernel/commit/f8eab884b2e5dca558dac291bea358c3c69febaf) was completed above
- [x] Autocompleter
	- [x] Implementing `get_suggestions(code, cursor_pos) -> [list of suggestions]`
	- [x] Implementing `refresh()`
	- [x] integrated `SQLFetch`
	- [x] integrated `SQLAnalyze`
	- [x] integrated with mariadb_kernel, and can provide autocomplete functionality
    
    [patch](https://github.com/a97410985/mariadb_kernel/commit/1ccccd855621c5034a4ac37f682032ba1f5f4ef2) was completed above
- [ ] ...

# Development
```shell
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Testing
all test files are put in `src/tests` folder. If want to add test files named it `test_*.py`. And if want to run all test, execute the command below
```shell
python3 -m unittest discover src "test_*.py"
```

# The notes about mycli
[mycli's note](assets/notes/mycli%27s%20note.md)
